- Data source: The AmericasBarometer by the LAPOP Lab, (https://www.vanderbilt.edu/lapop)
- Description of data: The LAPOP survey is a comparative survey of democratic values and behaviors that covers all independent countries in North, Central, and South America, as well as a significant number of countries in the Caribbean. The data can be found in the "Data" folder, where there are two folders. In the "All countries" folder there is a dataset that includes surveys conducted in 2021 for all countries in North, Central and South America. The other folder "US only" includes a dataset with zip codes only for the United States that may allow comparisons between cities.
- Why you are interested in this topic: I am interested in subjective measures of government performance. I would like to compare whether some government schemes produce higher levels of trust among the population, especially in the United States where there is great variation in institutional design for local governments.
- Thoughts on how you would hope to use this data: My first option would be a comparison of the most populated cities in the United States, according to levels of trust in local governments, political participation, and types of local institutions. My second choice would be a comparison between countries in the Americas.
- Any concerns about the data: I am concerned that the US data may not be representative at the city level or that there is a specialized US source with better information for the same topic (so far I have not found it). 
